Variable:
    Variable is the container is used to store the data and will contain any kind of data.
    Ex: name = 'Jhon' -> name is a variable or declaration and Jhon is the is the value or initializer.

Dynamically typed:
    In case of dynamically typed languages no need to define data type of variable. By kind of value we stored in the variable
    it will identify the datatype. We can define any variable and we can store any kind of data.
    Ex: amount = 5 or amount = 'Five'

Python datatypes:
Numeric datatype:
    Integer : Integer is used to store the whole numbers either positive or negative numbers.
    Ex: 5, -5, 10

    Float : Float is used to store the decimal values either positive or negative numbers.
    Ex: 20.5, -25.0

    Boolean : Boolean data type is used store the either True or False values also call as 1 and 0. True will represent the 1 and
    0 will represent the False.
    Ex: True, False

    Complex : Complex consist of real and imaginary part of the numeric.
    Ex: 5 + 7j

Sequence datatype:
    List : List is a collection of items with the same or different datatypes and can access through the index
    and list is an mutable data structure.
    Ex: [1, 25.0, 'Jhon', True]

    Tuple : Tuple is similar to to the list but tuple is an immutable.
    Ex: (1, 25.0, 'Jhon', False)

    String : String will consist of series of characters. String is immutable and we can mention in either single or double quotes.
    Ex: 'String'

Set datatype:
    Set : Set is a collection of items with same or different data types and Indexing not possible and Set is mutable data type.
    Ex: {1, 25.0, 'Jhon', True}

    Frozen set : Frozen set is similar to the set and frozen set is immutable.
    Ex: frozenset([1, 'Jhon', True, 25.0])

Dictionary datatype:
    Dictionary : Dictionary is an mapped data type is used store the key, value pairs and is an mutable datatype and we can access the elements through values.
    Ex: {'name' : 'Jhon', 'age' : 27, 'city' : 'Bangalore'}

Python literals:
    Literals are nothing but constants.
    Ex: x = 7

Base conversion:
    Numbers can be represent in the other forms as well. Generally we are represent in the Base 10 format there are some other formats to represent the numbers
    such as binary system which will consist of 0 and 1 and we have hexadecimal system will contain numbers 0 to 7 and one more system will be Octadecimal system.
    Decimal : 5
    Binary : 0b110
    Hex : 0x5
    Oct : 0x5





